Splunk hub fixes (#296)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: splunk/help.md

To connect to Splunk, you must have valid credentials and network access to the Splunk API port (Splunk's default is TCP/8089). This plugin supports both the Free and Enterprise Splunk licenses.

> To configure an alert trigger, the Splunk server must be able to connect back to the Komand server via http(s) ports to send webhook events.

Reviewer: We’ll likely want to indicate that this is specific to Komand customer and if they want to do the same thing use InsightConnect app for Splunk with a link to it, that way we cover both bases.

Reviewer: Looks like the trigger section was removed in help.md too in this PR

Author: Manually added trigger. Change the comment.

To connect to Splunk, you must have valid credentials and network access to the Splunk API port (Splunk's default is TCP/8089). This plugin supports both the Free and Enterprise Splunk licenses.

> To configure an alert trigger, the Splunk server must be able to connect back to the InsightConnect server via http(s) ports to send webhook events.

Reviewer: Remove this, since trigger is no longer in this plugin

The connection configuration accepts the following parameters:

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|
|credentials|credential_username_password|None|False|Username and password|None|
|host|string|None|True|Hostname or IP address of Splunk server to connect to e.g. splunk.example.com|None|
|license|string|None|True|License type for Splunk host|['Enterprise', 'Free']|
|port|integer|8089|True|Port the Splunk API is listening on. Default is 8089|None|
|ssl_verify|boolean|None|True|Verify server's SSL/TLS certificate|None|
|use_ssl|boolean|None|True|Whether or not to use SSL|None|

> To configure an alert trigger, the Splunk server must be able to connect back to the InsightConnect server via http(s) ports to send webhook events.

Reviewer: Remove this duplicate line of 21

> To configure your Splunk instance to allow remote login by adding the following line to the general stanza in `$SPLUNK_HOME/etc/system/local/server.conf`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure your Splunk instance to allow remote login, add the following line to the general stanza in `$SPLUNK_HOME/etc/system/local/server.conf`:
```

Reviewer 2: Missing the line that needs to be added, as per instruction

There's no authentication in the free license, so set `license` to `Free` and omit input to the username and password fields.

> To get Splunk alerts or send saved searches to InsightConnect, please use the [InsightConnect Splunk App](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/4673/).

Reviewer 2: Duplicate paragraph, remove.

### Triggers

> _This plugin does not contain any triggers._

Reviewer 3: Alerts get removed?

Reviewer 4: There is no trigger in plugin.spec.yaml

Author: Yea, this was removed in 3.0.0...it's Komand specific.
